By and by, I wait for you to come. All the saints of God gathering home.
We will tell the story how we'll overcome.
And we'll understand it's better by and by.
We are often destituted of the things that life demands.
Water of our food, hills and barren land.
And I wonder why the test when we try to do our best.
And we'll understand it's better by and by.
Oh, by and by, I wait for you to come.
We will tell the story how we'll overcome.
We'll understand if there are by and by.
The cry is dark on every hand and we cannot understand all the ways that God will lead us to his blessed promised land.
He will guide us with his eye and we'll follow till we die.
And we'll understand it better by and by.
By and by, I wait for you to come.
All the saints of God gathering home.
We will tell the story how we'll overcome.
And we'll understand it better by and by.
When morning comes, all the saints of God gathering home.
And we will tell the story how we overcome.
And we'll understand it there by and by.